dev.md, before:

## todo

- [x] recent files
- [x] favorites
- [x] home page sidebar
- [x] new document page
- [x] favorite from home screen?
- [x] menubar
- [x] save as
- [x] export and print
- [x] import
- [x] sort by
- [x] preview mode
- [x] favorites menu won't work
- [x] zoom into editor
- [x] zoom into view mode
- [x] default zoom
- [x] settings
- [x] word count
- [ ] word count overlay
- [x] keyboard shortcuts
- [x] disable reload
- [x] minimum window size
- [x] before closing window
- [x] page title

- [x] modals should disable keyboard shortcuts and focus
- [x] fix main menu hover over table
- [x] build wrapper for links in Mimir editor to use Electron's page open
- [x] save images in Mimir
- [x] verify document content validity

- [x] integrate shell and "open with Mimir" option
- [ ] grammarly integration with electron extensions [DOES NOT WORK]
- [x] figure out wkhtmltopdf with mac and linux (if not, add a message to use the print option)
- [x] icon
- [x] saving is not removing unsaved dot in window bar
- [x] AppState.window is undefined
- [x] loading splash

- [ ] Additional Windows releases
- [ ] Mac and Linux releases

Commit message:

Bug with exporting unsaved files - prepare for 1.0 release

dev.md, after:

## todo

- [x] recent files
- [x] favorites
- [x] home page sidebar
- [x] new document page
- [x] favorite from home screen?
- [x] menubar
- [x] save as
- [x] export and print
- [x] import
- [x] sort by
- [x] preview mode
- [x] favorites menu won't work
- [x] zoom into editor
- [x] zoom into view mode
- [x] default zoom
- [x] settings
- [x] word count
- [ ] word count overlay
- [x] keyboard shortcuts
- [x] disable reload
- [x] minimum window size
- [x] before closing window
- [x] page title

- [x] modals should disable keyboard shortcuts and focus
- [x] fix main menu hover over table
- [x] build wrapper for links in Mimir editor to use Electron's page open
- [x] save images in Mimir
- [x] verify document content validity

- [x] integrate shell and "open with Mimir" option
- [ ] grammarly integration with electron extensions [DOES NOT WORK]
- [x] figure out wkhtmltopdf with mac and linux (if not, add a message to use the print option)
- [x] icon
- [x] saving is not removing unsaved dot in window bar
- [x] AppState.window is undefined
- [x] loading splash

## For 1.0 release

- [x] Bug with exporting unsaved files
- [ ] Remove visual flash when opening files and on app startup using events 
- [ ] New icon for file association
- [ ] Build pipeline
- [ ] Additional Windows releases
- [ ] Mac and Linux releases
